in this week's bleach hits a guy is
reunited with hurry Maru I missed you I
missed you too
wants the world to know bleach chapter
553 frozen cross begins with cang-du
baffled as hitsugaya begins to retrieve
his bankai now you're all in big big
trouble
Chengdu wants to know how he's doing
this but Toshiro says he has no clue
perhaps it's just because he wants to
come back to him I want you to fucking
acknowledge it
cut to bg9 where sure I've seen enough
hentai to know where this is going loose
willow Maeda decides to be useful for
once and give sweep on the pill that was
sent out he tries to explain but bg9
tells him to stop cuz his audio
receptors have decrease in sensitivity
due to close-range proximity I shut the
fuck up he then begins to notice dis
connections to the bankai
SOI fon has recovered her bankai as well
in she and Jimena open fire
return to Kang who tries to attack
hitsugaya but is unable because his
bankai will not hurt himself so in other
words the two argue about whether or not
the bankai is actually a part of the
soul it's a guy that of course knows it
is and finally hears the voice of here
Amaru and holy Santa Claus shit I can
honestly say Toshiro has never looked
cool
Kang tries to fight back with snake
force claws but hitsugaya is having none
of that and seals him in a frozen cross
this wait
mr. Jacob I blade holy shit this chapter
was awesome the majority was Kane versus
hits a Gaia and that still made this
chapter one of the coolest we've had in
a while he's absolutely right I think a
lot of us have wondered what the
captains would look like as hollows or
visoreds and Toshiro gave us our first
glimpse at that concept I'm pretty sure
he gains regeneration powers too cuz you
don't go from fucked up to badass that
quickly without some help but I also
really liked the back and forth about
the bankai having a soul or not
it shows how little the Quincy's know
that the bankai is more than just a
weapon upgrade to a Shinigami it's a
part of them and the spiritual presence
that helps them throughout all their
difficult times that's cute and learn
when I had my first beer whatever I
liked that aspect but not as much as
hollow hits a guy you can't hate that
shit it's science
the SOI fons stuff was decent too I
guess the only thing I don't understand
is how bg9 allowed I made it gets so
close while he was doing what was he
doing punkin stuff thanks whatever I
liked seeing bg9 get blasted but I'm not
so sure he or Kang are actually dead so
overall awesome chapter Hollow hits a
Gaia kicks ass
sweet Vaughn has got her bankai back and
we may have our first casualties on the
sternritter side for my question of the
week do you think Kang and bg9 are
actually dead I'd like to think that at
least one of them is but who knows my
favorite comments will be featured in
the next review here our last week's
winners
that'll do it for me remember to leave
your thoughts on the chapter and answer
to my question in the comments below
like and subscribe for more weekly
bleach chapter reviews and please follow
me on twitter or devianart links are
always in the description I'll be back
next week with hopefully some more hallo
captains peace